
Why create a Wikiversity account?
Wikiversity:Main Page
Welcome to Wikiversity
Set learning free
with 22,202 learning resources and growing.
Wikiversite-banner-2.jpg
"Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution." — Albert Einstein (discuss)
Welcome
Wikiversity is a Wikimedia Foundation project devoted to learning resources, learning projects, and research for use in all levels, types, and styles of education from pre-school to university, including professional training and informal learning. We invite teachers, students, and researchers to join us in creating open educational resources and collaborative learning communities. To learn more about Wikiversity, try a guided tour, learn about adding content, or start editing now.

Today's Featured Project
Media Literacy
A resource for scholars and others interested in media literacy. The materials were originally developed by graduate students enrolled in a course taught by Professor Renee Hobbs at Temple University's School of Communication and Theater, and has been further developed by succeeding versions of the same course. The course looks at media literacy in a wide context, and is of relevance to secondary education, tertiary education, research and education outside the formal sector.
Visit this resource · see more featured content
view · discuss
Community
Discoveryclassroom.jpg Start editing, join the discussion (on the colloquium) and become part of the Wikiversity community! For real-time advice or assistance, you can join our Wikiversity's IRC channel, or our mailing list, or add learner questions on our help desk. The community portal is a listing of notices, projects, activities, guidelines and resources, and learn more about us through the history of Wikiversity.
Educational Picture of the Day
The Moon Landing
Aldrin with experiment.jpg
This photograph is taken from the Apollo 11 expedition to the moon in 1969. Astronaut Buzz Aldrin is on the left, and the lunar module is on the right. Click on the image for a full size version which you can freely re-use and modify. Print it and use it for your lessons, integrate it into your pages on Wikiversity, or use it in other learning resources and websites. Use the links below to find more images like this one.
Images of the Apollo mission
Images of human spaceflights - Images of space exploration
History images in general
This image is a part of the Educational Media Awareness Campaign, raising awareness among educators about the availability and usage of millions of free internet media in education.
view · discuss
Development
Construction Workers.jpg
At Wikiversity we are committed both to conventional learning patterns and resources, and to innovation and experimentation. Wikiversity is open to reconceptualising how web education can occur and how open educational resources can be made, and we are open to new ideas about the use of the Mediawiki environment for learning and research. Check out and help develop our learning projects and how learning works on Wikiversity, see how Wikiversity can help you, and explore how to get involved and start adding content.

Windrose m.png
Explore Wikiversity
Catalogue | Guided tours
Schools
Portals
Courses
Resources
Learning projects
Help
Noia 64 apps knode m.png
News
2016

24 February: Lbeaumont is nominated for curatorship. Please share questions and comments.
2 February: Please share your first impressions of Wikiversity to help us gain a better perspective about how we can improve our learning resource. Join the discussion at Initial experiences.
30 January: There is a move to decide a proposal to close the Betawikiversity: multilingual hub and move the content to Incubator:. Please see meta:Proposals for closing projects/Move Beta Wikiversity to Incubator#Move for closure
15 January: The Wikimedia Year of Science begins. Please share your ideas of how we can improve science teaching and learning at Wikiversity:Year of Science 2016.


Ambox emblem question m.png
Help
Creating educational content at Wikiversity (teacher-oriented tour).
Starting out at Wikiversity (student-oriented tour).
Help
Wikiversity's sister projects
Wikiversity is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other multilingual and free-content projects:

Wikipedia	Wikipedia
Free-content encyclopedia	Wiktionary	Wiktionary
Dictionary and thesaurus	Wikiquote	Wikiquote
Collection of quotations
Wikinews	Wikinews
Free-content news	Wikispecies	Wikispecies
Directory of species	Wikibooks	Wikibooks
Free textbooks and manuals
Wikisource	Wikisource
Free-content library	Commons	Commons
Shared media repository	Meta-Wiki	Meta-Wiki
Wikimedia project coordination
MediaWiki	MediaWiki
Free software development	Wikidata	Wikidata
Free knowledge base	Wikivoyage	Wikivoyage
Open travel guide
Category: Main Page
Navigation menu
Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog inMain pageDiscussReadView sourceView history
More

Search
SearchGo
Main Page
Browse wiki
Recent changes
Guided tours
Random
Help
Donate
Community
Portal
Colloquium
News
Projects
Sandbox
Help desk
Tools
What links here
Related changes
Special pages
Permanent link
Page information
Wikidata item
In other languages

Commons
Wikibooks
Wikipedia
Wiktionary
Wikiquote
Wikisource
Wikinews
Wikispecies
Wikivoyage
Meta-Wiki
Outreach
MediaWiki
Wikimania
Print/export
Create a book
Download as PDF
Printable version
Other projects
Wikimedia Commons
Meta-Wiki
Wikispecies
Wikibooks
Wikidata
Wikinews
Wikipedia
Wikiquote
Wikisource
Wikivoyage
This page was last modified on 3 August 2015, at 22:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Privacy policyAbout WikiversityDisclaimersDevelopersCookie statementMobile viewWikimedia Foundation Powered by MediaWiki